readme.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="./nsfwjs_logo.jpg" alt="NSFWJS Logo" width="400" />
  <h2 align="center">Client-side indecent content checking</h2>
  <img src="./nsfwjs-mobile.jpg" alt="NSFWJS Mobile Demo App" />
</p>

An example React Native implementation of [Infinite Red's](https://infinite.red) [NSFWjs](https://github.com/infinitered/nsfwjs) indecent content checking TensorFlow.js library.

### Running the project
1. Install NPM modules<br />
`npm install`
1. Install Pods<br />
`cd ios && pod install`
1. Compile and run app<br />
`react-native run-ios` or `react-native run-android`

## Additional Learning

- [AI Demystified: 5-day Mini-Course (FREE)](https://academy.infinite.red/p/ai-demystified-free-5-day-mini-course)
- [Beginning Machine Learning with TensorFlow.js](https://academy.infinite.red/p/beginning-machine-learning-with-tensorflow-js)
- [Installing React Native on macOS (FREE)](https://academy.infinite.red/p/installing-react-native-tutorial-on-macos)
- [Installing React Native on Windows 10 (FREE)](https://academy.infinite.red/p/installing-react-native-tutorial-on-windows-10)

## :heart: Special Thanks :heart:

Thank you to the numerous contributors of [NSFWJS](https://github.com/infinitered/nsfwjs/graphs/contributors) and [TensorFlowJS](https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs/graphs/contributors). Our awe and appreciation for the friendliness of Open Source is the fuel for all [Infinite Red](https://infinite.red/) projects like NSFWJS Mobile.

## Premium Support

[NSFWJS](https://github.com/infinitered/nsfwjs), as an open source project, is free to use and always will be. To help support providing NSFWJS and other tools, [Infinite Red](https://infinite.red/) offers premium [React Native](https://infinite.red/react-native) app design/development services. Get in touch [here](https://infinite.red/contact) or email us at [hello@infinite.red](mailto:hello@infinite.red).

Commit message:

Update readme with revised Premium Support copy (#31)

readme.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="./nsfwjs_logo.jpg" alt="NSFWJS Logo" width="400" />
  <h2 align="center">Client-side indecent content checking</h2>
  <img src="./nsfwjs-mobile.jpg" alt="NSFWJS Mobile Demo App" />
</p>

An example React Native implementation of [Infinite Red's](https://infinite.red) [NSFWjs](https://github.com/infinitered/nsfwjs) indecent content checking TensorFlow.js library.

### Running the project
1. Install NPM modules<br />
`npm install`
1. Install Pods<br />
`cd ios && pod install`
1. Compile and run app<br />
`react-native run-ios` or `react-native run-android`

## Additional Learning

- [AI Demystified: 5-day Mini-Course (FREE)](https://academy.infinite.red/p/ai-demystified-free-5-day-mini-course)
- [Beginning Machine Learning with TensorFlow.js](https://academy.infinite.red/p/beginning-machine-learning-with-tensorflow-js)
- [Installing React Native on macOS (FREE)](https://academy.infinite.red/p/installing-react-native-tutorial-on-macos)
- [Installing React Native on Windows 10 (FREE)](https://academy.infinite.red/p/installing-react-native-tutorial-on-windows-10)

## :heart: Special Thanks :heart:

Thank you to the numerous contributors of [NSFWJS](https://github.com/infinitered/nsfwjs/graphs/contributors) and [TensorFlowJS](https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs/graphs/contributors). Our awe and appreciation for the friendliness of Open Source is the fuel for all [Infinite Red](https://infinite.red/) projects like NSFWJS Mobile.

## Need the experts? Hire Infinite Red for your next project

If your project's calling for the experts in all things React Native, Infinite Red’s here to help! Our experienced team of software engineers have worked with companies like Microsoft, Zoom, and Mercari to bring even some of the most complex projects to life.

Whether it’s running a full project or training a team on React Native, we can help you solve your company’s toughest engineering challenges – and make it a great experience at the same time.
Ready to see how we can work together? [Send us a message](mailto:hello@infinite.red)
